Various improvements and clarifications (#21)
AMWA-TV/nmos-control-protocol: docs/Protocol messaging.md

# Protocol messaging

> All protocol messages MUST have have the following property:

Reviewer: Given this is now a list of one, could this be collapsed into a single sentence?
```suggestion
All protocol messages MUST have the messageType property to indicate the type of the message (e.g. Command).
```

* messageType - describes the message type (e.g. Command)

> `Note`: When sending messages, each message MUST contain a `handle` numeric identifier. This is then used when responses are received from the device for matching the responses to the messages sent by the controller. The `handle` has no programmatic significance for the device.

Reviewer: There are a couple of `Note` indicators in this section that seems needless, as these are already MUST normative clauses.

Could we loose the `Note` indicators?
